feat(ingest): add timestamps for snowflake objects (#6570)
datahub-project/datahub: docs/how/updating-datahub.md

### Breaking Changes

> - #6570 `snowflake` connector now populates created, last modified timestamps for snowflake datasets and containers. This version of snowflake connnector will not work with **datahub-gms** version order than `v0.9.3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #6570 `snowflake` connector now populates created and last modified timestamps for snowflake datasets and containers. This version of snowflake connector will not work with **datahub-gms** version older than `v0.9.3`
```
